you
hit me
I think more than anything else I have
been impressed with with the car from
its driving ability it feels like an
extension of me when i when i drive a
car but also from its durability i mean
even working with these prototypes we've
had zero problems i mean nothing has
happened to these cars but it's the
overall package it's the breaking it's
the nimbleness it's the precision it's
its ability to to change directions
quite quickly left to right and also the
other thing I've been impressed now that
I spent some time on the city streets is
the fact you take it to the racetrack
and this thing I mean it's a
thoroughbred it'll put you on laps that
are just incredibly fast and have that
nimbleness and at the same time you can
take and drive this car on the city
streets and have it as a everyday driver